docs: community docs for Repository creation and project donation (#816)
asyncapi/community: docs/Getting-a-new-AsyncAPI-repository-approved.md

> ## Getting a new AsyncAPI repository approved
> To donate existing project to AsyncAPI organization, or start a new project, follow the instruction below:
> 1. Visit [AsyncAPI Initiative Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/asyncapi/discussions).
> 2. Create a new discussion by clicking on `New discussion` and select the `Idea` category. Specify in the _title_ that you want to create a new repository. In the _description_, state the purpose of the new repository and why it should be part of the AsyncAPI organization. [Sample new discussion example.](https://github.com/orgs/asyncapi/discussions/300).
> 3. Start a discussion with community members to initialize a new project for AsyncAPI, discuss the project ideas, specify if you want to use AsyncAPI CI/CD workflows, and volunteer to become a maintainer for that project. (At least 2 code maintainers are needed to start.)
> To learn more about asyncapi `CI/CD`, watch this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DsQfmlc3Ubo)
> 4. The Technical Steering Committee (TSC) must approve the newly proposed repository. Make sure to tag them by adding `@asyncapi/tsc_members` at the end of the proposal description; this notifies all TSC members to vote on the proposed project.
> 5. If the TSC approves the new repository, then either `@derberg` or `@fmvilas` will take over creating the actual new repository. Next, they'll run AsyncAPI `CI/CD workflows`. 
> 6. Invite new maintainers as repo admins.
> 
> To see how existing project is been donated to AsyncAPI, click [here](https://github.com/orgs/asyncapi/discussions/223)
> [Here](https://github.com/orgs/asyncapi/discussions/300) is an example of starting a new project under AsyncAPI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To donate existing project to AsyncAPI organization, or start a new project, follow the instruction below:

1. Visit [AsyncAPI Initiative Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/asyncapi/discussions).
2. Create a new discussion by clicking on `New discussion` and select the `Idea` category. Specify in the _title_ that you want to create a new repository or donate existing project. In the _description_, state the purpose of the new repository and why it should be part of the AsyncAPI organization. 
  - [Sample discussion about starting new project](https://github.com/orgs/asyncapi/discussions/300)
  - [Sample discussion about donating existing project](https://github.com/orgs/asyncapi/discussions/643)
3. Start a discussion with community members, discuss the project ideas, specify if you want to use AsyncAPI CI/CD workflows, and volunteer to become a maintainer for that project. (At least 2 code maintainers are needed to start). To learn more about AsyncAPI CI/CD, watch [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DsQfmlc3Ubo).
4. The Technical Steering Committee (TSC) must approve the newly proposed repository. Make sure to tag them by adding `@asyncapi/tsc_members` at the end of the proposal description. This notifies all TSC members to vote on the proposed project.
5. If the TSC approves the new repository, then either `@derberg` or `@fmvilas` will take over creating the actual new repository. Next, they'll run AsyncAPI CI/CD workflows to push basic GitHub Actions workflows to new repository.
6. New maintainers will be invited as repo admins.
```
